Adding a tuple setup guide (#64)
typelevel/governance: resources/tuple.md

# Pair Programming with Tuple

[Tuple](https://tuple.app/) is a pair programming tool with clients available for MacOS and Linux (beta). 
Tuple provides low latency screen-sharing, crisp audio and visual (video is optional), easy-to-handoff mouse and keyboard control, as well as a very helpful screen drawing feature for whiteboarding.

- You can [download Tuple here](https://tuple.app/downloads/)
- You can [read more about pairing here](https://tuple.app/pair-programming-guide)

> We expect any usage of Tuple to abide by our [code of conduct](https://typelevel.org/code-of-conduct). Please follow the contact procedures outlines in the CoC for any questions or to report a violation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect any usage of Tuple to abide by our [code of conduct](https://typelevel.org/code-of-conduct). Please follow the contact procedures outlined in the code of conduct for any questions or to report a violation. 
```

## For Typelevel Maintainers

#### Getting Setup

Members of the Typelevel GitHub organization have access to a Tuple license as part of the Typelevel Tuple team. 
You can request to be added to the team via any of the following:
- [opening a GitHub issue in this repo](https://github.com/typelevel/governance/issues/new?labels=tuple&body=cc+@samspills)
  - please provide the email address you intend to use with Tuple
  - The link should autopopulate but in case it doesn't: please use the `tuple` label, and tag `@samspills` in the body of the issue
- asking an existing member of the Typelevel Tuple team to [invite you to the team](https://docs.tuple.app/article/41-inviting-users)
- posting a message in the `#admin` channel in the Typelevel Discord
  - feel free to tag `@spills` in your message
  - please include the email you intend to use with Tuple

> Only one person in a pairing session needs access to a license. This means that Typelevel members can pair with new contributors without inviting them to the Typelevel team. 

Reviewer: Oh wow, I didn't realize this, very cool.

Author: Yah!! Pretty neat choice on their part I think

Tuple does not integrate with GitHub and we only have a limited number of seats available, so please try to ensure only maintainers are added to the team.

#### Pairing with New Contributors

You can pair with new contributors by following these steps:

> 1. point them to the [New Contributors section](#for-new-contributors-and-guests) so they can get setup, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. point them to the [New Contributors section](#for-new-contributors-and-guests) so they can get setup
```
The "then" continuation is likely implied
